Replacing schema with CDDL definition (+ some style consistency) (#260)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

## Extensibility {#sec-extensibility}

The base CoRIM document definition is described using CDDL {{-cddl}} that can be extended only at specific allowed points known as "extension points".

The following types of extensions are supported in CoRIM:

### Map Extensions

Map extensions provide extensibility support to CoRIM map structures.
CDDL map extensibility enables a CoRIM profile to extend the base CoRIM CDDL definition.
CDDL map extension points have the form `($$NAME-extension)` where "NAME" is the name of the map and '$$' signifies map extensibility.
Typically, map extension requires a convention for code point naming that avoids code-point reuse.
Well-known code points may be in a registry, such as CoSWID {{-coswid-reg}}.
Non-negative integers are reserved for IANA to assign meaning globally.

### Data Type Extensions

Data type extensibility has the form `($NAME-type-choice)` where "NAME" is the type name and '$' signifies type extensibility.

> New data type extensions MUST be documented to facilitate interoperability.

Author: This okay? Introducing normative language might be out-of-scope of the issue addressed.

Reviewer: No, CoRIM profiles can be entirely private and not be meant for use outside of a closed circuit.

> New data type extensions MUST be documented to facilitate interoperability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New data type extensions SHOULD be documented to facilitate interoperability.

TODO: Clarify which data types need to be documented in a future change

```
